bookmarks/folders.mdx, before:

---
title: Folders
description: "Organize X/Twitter bookmarks into folders"
---

import Community from "/snippets/community.mdx";

Twillot 支持书签分类，您可以将书签分组，便于管理。

<Tip>X/Twitter 上也提供书签功能，但是它并不是免费的。</Tip>

## 创建文件夹

在左侧导航 Folders 底部的输入框直接输入您的文件夹名称，按下回车键即可创建文件夹。

## 删除文件夹

在左侧导航 Folders 中找到您要删除的文件夹，鼠标悬浮在文件夹上，点击垃圾桶图标，即可删除文件夹。

<Tip>
  删除文件夹不会删除文件夹中的书签，文件夹下的书签会被移动到默认文件夹
  (Unsorted)中。
</Tip>

## 移动单个书签到文件夹

在书签列表项中，点击文件夹移动图标，选择对应的文件夹，即可移动到其他文件夹。

## 批量移动多个书签到文件夹

在输入关键字搜索后，将鼠标悬浮在左侧 Folders 下的文件夹名称上，点击文件夹移动图标，即可批量移动书签到这个文件夹下。

## 文件夹同步

Twillot 会自动将您在 X/Twitter 中创建的文件夹同步，同时也会同步文件夹下的书签。
此同步过程是单向同步，即只会从 X/Twitter 中同步到 Twillot。您在 Twillot 中创建的文件夹不会自动同步到 X/Twitter。

<Community />

Commit message:

aider: Refactored bookmark management features and improved user experience.

bookmarks/folders.mdx, after:

---
title: Folders
description: "Organize X/Twitter bookmarks into folders"
---

import Community from "/snippets/community.mdx";

Twillot supports bookmark categorization, allowing you to group bookmarks for easier management.

<Tip>X/Twitter also offers a bookmark feature, but it is not free.</Tip>

## Create a Folder

In the left navigation under Folders, enter your folder name in the input box at the bottom and press Enter to create a folder.

## Delete a Folder

In the left navigation under Folders, find the folder you want to delete, hover over it, and click the trash icon to delete the folder.

<Tip>
  Deleting a folder will not delete the bookmarks within it. The bookmarks will be moved to the default folder (Unsorted).
</Tip>

## Move a Single Bookmark to a Folder

In the bookmark list item, click the folder move icon and select the corresponding folder to move it.

## Batch Move Multiple Bookmarks to a Folder

After entering a keyword search, hover over the folder name under Folders on the left, and click the folder move icon to batch move bookmarks to that folder.

## Folder Sync

Twillot will automatically sync the folders you create in X/Twitter, along with the bookmarks within them. This sync process is one-way, meaning it only syncs from X/Twitter to Twillot. Folders created in Twillot will not automatically sync to X/Twitter.

<Community />
